---
layout: post
title: Career update 1
---
##{{ page.title }}
It's Boxing Day and I don't care much for shopping so I've been staying
home pretty much all day.

I just came back from walking over to Tim Horton's for a coffee. It is
really cold today, I guess winter is finally coming; sure took long
enough. It's almost New Years already. I feel a little weird now that
this year is ending and all. I feel that I can clearly remember what my
life was like around this time last year. I was working in Toronto and
living there as well; I got to enjoy the best New Years Party of my life
on December 31st, 2011. If it wasn't for the minor mistake I made
towards the end of the night, I would say it would have been the
perfect night. Now, I'm not so sure if I would be able to have something
like that again. Part of the reason I was able to do what I did last
year was because I was still involved with a volunteer organization. All
of my close friends seem to spend time with their family on New Years,
so I didn't have anyone else to hang out with then. Now I *really* don't
have many people to hang out with on New Years. I don't want to admit it, but
I'm really dreading of having a boring New Years Eve. Memories of
spending it with my parents while watching TV and waiting for the
countdown, only to see my parents falling asleep around 11:30 PM still
sticks to my memory quite clearly to this day (and I believe that was
quite a few years ago).

Anyways, enough with the rant, here's an update on my career.

My contract with LCBO will be over soon. I have three more shifts and
then it will be New Years before I get "fired". I had an interview with
Apple for a Specialist position over a week ago that I thought went well
but still haven't heard back from. I went through a similiar experience
with the LCBO job offer; I didn't hear back from them after my interview
for over two weeks, until one day I got a phone call asking me if I
wanted the job. So, we'll see if history will repeat itself with this
potential Apple job offer as well.

I have admit though, working as a Specialist at Apple retail isn't what
I should be doing right now. I know what I want, I want to be on my way
to becoming a Project Manager. I've given it quite a bit of thought into this,
and this is the career that meets a lot of my needs. There is a demand
for this position, and it allows me to make the best uses of my natural
talents while fitting well into my personality. It requires juggling
multiple tasks, while making the best uses of my communication skills to
speak with my team members and encourage cooperation. Best of all, it
allows me to be the center of it all, which means I get to see a little
bit of everything. I like that a lot, being able to see the bigger
picture, rather than focusing intensely on one part of the project. 

So, now I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to get what I want. I'm
coming up with a job search plan and working out a system that will help
discipline myself to follow through on those plans. Building and
maintaining my personal website will be part of that plan. I will write
blog entries related to my job search and this will not only help me
keep track of things, but also improve my front-end web development
skills; something I'm very much interested in doing as a serious hobby.

That's all for now.
